had already been for some time and
car in Brazil was no longer little
of new and large empty releases
because this car show is
paulo returned to being what was the most
have news from our market and that
make the debut here come let's give a
look
to gm for example presented two models
new
the onyx of the worldwide launch and the trio
blazer with 1.0 and 1.4 engines
arrives next month from 29 thousand
nine hundred and ninety real utility
sport trail blazers inspired by
new s10 with seven seats have option of
diesel engine and gasoline
the nissan show is on account of the new
the last one arriving at the beginning of the year
comes
in renovating the electric models show
the brand's concern with the environment
environment but the vedettes are a new
clip the fluence gt hatch won a
the front but did not avoid the
ugly duckling request in the new version of
180-horsepower turbo 2.0-liter sedan
it's the big news
The former is the highlight of Toyota next to the
hybrid that will be imported to
starting January 2013
in Hyundai the spotlight is turned
new hp 20 x crossover version of
compact that just arrived
will be on sale from January onwards
1.6 engine and new 30 in santa fe
complete the brand debut the oba oba
in the fiat is on account of the 500 and
imported from mexico for 57 thousand
five hundred reais is the most
cheap from the market
the Japanese of the honda shows a wolf if
Comes with 2.0 flex engine and thank me ea
adventurous version of fid actress fusca e
Brazil really a love affair looks from
new here is a new habit as well
comes from Mexico wins the name fusca vai
be on sale next month
only before it reaches the concessionaires 1
with two doors because it is cheaper than
the one of four has in the cost relation
greater attractive benefit
the stand also the gt version of the year o
that the fox will make in the
Brazil from 2014
the 1.0- liter three-cylinder engine between the
french shining the shining is the new
208 manufactured here and that already has date
to start selling April 13
of 2013
the north american chrysler booth at
big news is the SUV
durango a cardiac dowry sr who with the
promise to come from the future makes the joy
of those who are in love with a car here
shows soon will be with 1.6 flex engine and a
luxurious colors a 290 horsepower v6 engine
and eight-speed automatic transmission for
who likes double cab pickup
the new spain ssangyong is that a
sport and unlike the predecessor to
draws attention to the lines
the Chinese also have a strong presence
in this hall has small
j2 already adapted for Brazil begins to
to be sold next month to changan in
star the 6 x 20 with 1.3 engine and how much
on tr to new 1.5 seller imported and
It will be manufactured in Brazil to ford
enjoy the hall of são paulo
besides the four by four versions and
eco-sport automatic
highlight for the new fusion with the engine
2.0 ecoboost of 240 horses is
completely different looks
also focus on the new focus and
repaginada in front of the new fiesta sedan
than to assume the current style of
brand